Lukem/index page node (#214)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: node-operators/network-node/rpc-docker.md

---
title: Run a Network Node Using Docker

> description: Learn how to set up and run a Tanssi network node using Docker, which allows you to have your own RPC endpoint to interact with your appchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Discover how to configure and operate a Tanssi network node using Docker, enabling you to host your own RPC endpoint for interaction with your chain.
```
